aincent ancient
critises criticises
corupt corrupt
exahrated exaggerated
embezzeing embezzling
diffrence difference
insted instead
paed paid
maintanance maintenance
damoning damning
horribley horribly
penolpe penelope
haterid hatred
trys tries
jeprodising jeopardise
posotive positive
oppertunity opportunity
fafal fulfil
prosucted prosecuted
goverment government
certian certain
scarliage sacrilege
transfered transferred
athenes athens
agean aegean
forfilled fulfilled
throught throughout
viewd viewed
preopposed presupposed
tride tried
tibew tribes
captin captain
unstaible unsuitable
intrests interests
diveret divert
leauge league
aincent ancient
passag passage
alot a lot
terrefied terrified
exceiting exciting
immeditley immediately
helment helmet
quotatm quotation
grusom gruesome
diffren different
extremy extremely
voulenteerd volunteered
forfulling fulfilling
faviroute favourite
belives believes
heardsmen herdsmen
attrack attract
immedity immediately
enganging engaging
actualy actually
trates traits
hishold household
carrys carries
jeprodises jeopardises
corret correct
challanges challenges
ceaser caesar
impearior emperor
buerrial burial
persived perceived
decisians decisions
jepradises jeopardize
dispare despair
forefill fulfil
minevera minerva
belived believed
sercumb succumb
significt significant
tradgey tragedy
trys tries
recived received
oters others
pagent pageant
posotive positive
intamacey intimacy
recive receive
recived received
glorifys glorifies
analaysing analysing
brutalitaly brutality
enganging engaging
tounges tongues
wold would
fradgile fragile
persuit pursuit
comits commits
cruity cruelty
famalies families
greviving grieving
recive receive
poisnious poisonous
hopeing hoping
recuises recognises
ungarded unguarded
hatride hatred
aincent ancient
succumbd succumbed
catagorey category
admited admitted
rembers remembers
classped clasped
definty definitely
considerd considered
unloyal disloyal
diffrent different
rejoycing rejoicing
plesant pleasant
certian certain
similies similes
deleate delicate
gnoring goring
chanaling channelling
coppying copying
paied paid
farther father
familar familiar
playwrite playwright
